From fhs-2.1.pdf The Filesystem Hierarchy System

man1 User programs (may be started by everyone)
man2 System calls (functions provided by kernel)
man3 Library calls (a.k.a. subroutines)
man4 Special files (or devices in /dev/)
man5 File format descriptions (e.g. /etc/passwd) 
man6 Games 
man7 Miscellaneous (e.g. macro packages, conventions)
man8 System administration (that usually only root can execute)
man9 Linux specific place for kernel routine documentation

man1: User programs. Manual pages that describe publicly accessible commands
      are contained in this chapter.  Most program documentation that a user
      will need to use is located here.

man2: System calls. This section describes all of the system calls (requests
      for the kernel to perform operations).

man3: Library functions and subroutines. Section 3 describes program library
      routines that are not direct calls to kernel services. This and chapter
      2 are only really of interest to programmers.

man4: Special files. Section 4 describes the special files, related driver
      functions, and networking support available in the system.
      Typically,this includes the device files found in /dev and the kernel
      interface to networking protocol support.

man5: File formats. The formats for many nonintuitive data files are
      documented in the section 5. This includes various include files,
      program output files, and system files.

man6: Games. This chapter documents games, demos, and generally trivial
      programs. Different people have various notions about how essential this
      is.

man7: Miscellaneous. Manual pages that are difficult to classify are
      designated as being section 7. The troff and other text processing macro
      packages are found here.

man8: System administration. Programs used by system administrators for system
      operation and maintenance are documented here.  Some of these programs
      are also occasionally useful for normal users.
